Fortinet Filebeat Module (#17890)
elastic/beats: x-pack/filebeat/module/fortinet/_meta/docs.asciidoc

This is a module for Fortinet FortiOS logs sent in the syslog format.

> To configure a remote syslog destination, please reference the https://docs.fortinet.com/document/fortigate/6.0.0/cli-reference/260508/log-syslogd-syslogd2-syslogd3-syslogd4-setting[Fortigate/FortiOS Documentation]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure a remote syslog destination, please reference the https://docs.fortinet.com/document/fortigate/6.0.0/cli-reference/260508/log-syslogd-syslogd2-syslogd3-syslogd4-setting[Fortigate/FortiOS Documentation].
```

The syslog format choosen should be `Default`.

include::../include/gs-link.asciidoc[]

[float]
=== Compatibility

This module has been tested against FortiOS version 6.0.x and 6.2.x. 

> Versions above this is expected to work but not tested.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Versions above this are expected to work but have not been tested.
```
